Hey Torin 3126 heater and i want to show
you then your forward first of all are
making just from the pit bull um the pit
bull um summarize thing but I'm just
gonna make this video show you again if
people don't watch the ump it'll thing
but um uh me and my friend c-dawg 3126
we made this it's kind of cool I guess
okay first off I'm shagging pitting
thing that's right here the reactor keep
nerve her reactor it we use as a grenade
launcher you just pull this up now come
on get down there goes like that then
you push this thing back to close as you
can and one of these ballistic balls or
shoot out here one sex there now I'm
gonna show you ghost ball at use these
little green balls things it's actually
my dog likes plenty of them so me find
one month and stuff but k this is the
nerve mag strike see you may not be able
to read it but since Mack truck right
this test nerve right there and has dirt
tag some of you may not know but while
back this was at this gun actually was a
dirt tag I mean before our man came at
Ueno wrap check out was down like that
okay and that supposed to swell long
with a reactor thing here we have the
air zone I'm ear blasters rapid fire
tech Western rifle thing and that's that
it's post you see this yellow thing
right here you pull that down um it
you shoot and then pull it down again
shell pops out in the new shell tops in
pops out from right there that's that
this is the nurse start tag hearing fire
cheat right there but it takes simple
you pull this black or thin back push
out shoot like shotgun and then this is
probably once the most not know heavy
oops we're happy I'm like a salt fish
things but yeah this is the bukan yeah
25 something that was said 45 and that's
probably it you may be Ginga Arsenal
video from me and keep that in mind yep